(Shino)
The Academy. In the past, this
institute was the Hidden Leaf's
training center for shinobi.
Hopefuls underwent rigorous
training here.
However, the peace and stability
of our modern world has brought
about big changes.
Today, a general studies
curriculum is offered alongside
the ninjutsu program.
The Academy's become a
scholastic facility where the
next generation can explore many
fields of study.
All right! This is gonna be the
place where I make my mark on
the world!
Are you an idiot? You just got
done with a two‐week suspension
the Academy gave you, remember?!
It's bad enough everyone's
gossiping about you.
You should keep a low profile.
Listen... what's done is done.
I can't go worrying about all
that.
(Shikadai)
Hey, wait up!
So, he didn't drop out... huh.
♪♪
Good morning, everybody!
My name's Boruto Uzumaki,
ya know!
It's nice to meet all of you!
Didn't I tell you to
keep a low profile?
Hey, Denki. Which one's my desk?
You can just sit anywhere.
Oh, so that's how it works!
Hey, you guys. How's it going?
[classroom mutters]
[sigh] This is so much better
than being stuck at home with
my Mom.
What? Your mom?
(Boruto)
She forced me to study non stop
for the whole last couple of
weeks.
[sigh]
(Ko Kogare)
How come he wasn't punished
after what he did?
I mean, he kinda was...
But that wasn't just
some silly prank.
If that train car had
landed in town, it would
have been a disaster.
You saying that
there's a cover up?
Shh! He can hear you.
Oh! Uhh...
Ignore them.
Don't worry, I am. They
can say whatever they
want about me, I don't care!
Well, okay then...
[gasp] Look at that!
Forgot my textbook!
Are you serious?
It's your first day!
Hey! Share your book
with me, Shikadai.
What a drag.
No way!
Aw, c'mon now, don't
be like that!
Boruto sure stands
out in a crowd.
Hm? But aren't people only
paying attention to him because
of that ridiculous stunt that
he pulled?
You know him right?. Don't you
guys go way back, Sarada?
Not really. Our parents
are friends, that's all.
So, you're saying you're
childhood friends.
No, I'd hardly say
that's what we are.
In fact, I find it annoying even
being associated with him.
Yeah, me, too... Although that
dad of his is seriously cool.
Lord Naruto, the Hokage.
Yeah!
Difficult experiences in life
polish and refine a man!
[small gasp]
[sigh] ...riding on the
Hokage's coattails...
Ahh! Hey, watch what
you're saying, Inojin!
Uh, oh... Oops, did I
accidentally say that
out loud just now?
[little groan]
Hey, Inojin,
that's a bit harsh.
Oh, sorry! If I offended,
I take it back.
Although, you know that I'm only
saying what everybody else here
is thinking.
If any other kid caused a train
to jump the tracks, chances are
they'd get thrown in jail.
But that's...!
Inojin, listen... you know that
isn't really what happened.
I guess so.
Anyway, Boruto, how
long's it been?
Dunno. So, how ya doin'?
Are you two friends?
All of our parents are.
I don't understand
you, Inojin...
I know you've been like this for
a long time, but why do you
always shoot your mouth off?
I'm really not trying to
cause trouble or anything.
If he's telling the truth that
makes him look even worse!
Yeah...
Anyway, who our parents
are doesn't matter.
We're friends, right?
I just don't think you're
worthy of my trust.
[gasp]
Excuse me! We're going to be
studying together, so I believe
that all of us should just try
to get along!
Spoken like a true Class Rep!
[nervous gasp]
[gasp] Everybody stand.
Okay, Boruto. That's good.
We're all done. We've now
measured everyone's basic skill
level.
Next time, we'll begin actual
practice using the data we've
gathered.
(all)
Right!
Wow, Boruto! That
was really terrific!
You had the second best
time in the whole class.
Wait, what?! You mean
that I'm not on top?!
All right, who's this
Iwabe that beat my time?
Oh... I don't think he's
actually here today.
He said something before about
it not being worth his time to
hang around with amateurs like
us.
Really...?
[lunch chimes]
Oh man, I'm starving!
Oh! What's up, you guys?
Goin' to lunch? You
want some company?
Sorry! We're just going
up to the rooftop.
You know, you ought to
get going now, too.
Yeah, see ya!
What the heck is
their problem?
Eh, whatever! Let's just go
get something to eat‐‐
(Iwabe)
Get outta here.
[gasps]
You're bothering me.
Can't you see I'm
using this room?
Who's he?
Iwabe Yuino.
"Iwabe the Repeater". They say
that he failed the graduation
exams twice.
Heh! So, an upperclassmen, huh?
Cool! Nice to meetcha!
I don't wanna be your little
friend. Hokage's boy.
Hey, watch it; what does it
matter whose son I am?
I just don't like the idea of
having a guy like you hanging
around me all the time.
...You got that?
[gasps]
You think you're special? Go
hide in your father's shadow.
Hey, you take that back!
[groans]
Seriously, that's it? You aren't
even worth my time...
Boruto...!
You dirty little...!
If you have a problem
with me, bring it on!
I wouldn't do it if I were you.
I heard the instructors talking
about how impressed they all
were with Iwabe's taijutsu
skills.
Oh yeah, then why does
he keep flunking?
I really don't know... but I
don't think you should test him.
[clang]
Listen to me! Strength is the
only thing that matters for a
ninja!
What's the use of doing nothing
but simply studying obediently
like all of you?
The current Hokage was the
strongest in all of history.
As long as you're strong, a
ninja can get away with
anything!
Aw, man, there he goes again.
I know. At this point he
really should just drop
out of the Academy.
But Iwabe, even Lord Seventh
made it his goal to use ninjutsu
in peaceful ways.
That's why I also‐
Just shut up! Weaklings
don't get to talk.
Just ten years ago, our people
in were fighting in a war!
When Lord Hokage was a ninja on
the front lines, it wasn't like
this at all.
But then, this place went soft
and turned into a school for
wimps!
That's not gonna
fly with me!
[gasp]
A weakling who got accepted here
only by riding on his old man's
coattails... is nothing more
than an embarrassment!
[gasp]
He's nothing like that at all.
Huh?
You're wrong! Boruto's
not like that at all!
It was 'cause of watching Boruto
that I wanted to join the
Academy.
You don't know anything!
[gasps]
Some brave words you got
there...
But still... you only get to
speak to me like that after
you defeat me!
Cut it out!
[grunt]
I see... So your idea of
strength is just to bully people
into doing what you want, is
that it?
What did you say?!
Boruto...!
It's okay, Shikadai!
Before I came here, I made a
decision that I wouldn't fight.
But if I have to...
I'll take you on!
Heh. Interesting.
[nervous gasp]
Hm.
(Anko)
Oh! Hello there, Shino Sensei!
So, today's the day that Boruto
starts, isn't it?
That's right.
To be suspended on the first day
of school! He's quite a
character.
I never expected that I'd be
assigned to be his homeroom
teacher....
Well, better make
the most of it!
Oh, yes, don't worry, I'm going
to be very strict with him.
That's my job and my
responsibility now.
'Scuse me.
(Shino)
What!?
[gasp]
Oh my...
Where are my students...?!
[groan] What do we do?
And what about class?!
Eh, so what? We can just blame
the guys who are fighting.
This is so annoying!
[excited chatter]
What's the matter? Not
getting scared, are you?
Ha! No way! This exercise hall
is like a fighting ring!
This is gonna be fun!
Watch closely, you guys!
This is a ninjutsu match,
and we'll be following
Academy rules!
So don't worry. I won't
be using my weapon.
Because if I did use it,
then you'd be dead.
Hm!
This whole thing is my fault!
(Shikadai)
No, it isn't.
He brought it all upon himself
by taking up this challenge.
He's gonna get suspended again.
You think that's all he'll get?
I say expelled.
Huh!?
But I suppose at least
he's not a coward.
He's just stupid.
[gasp]
[grunts]
[attack grunts]
Oh! So you can keep
up a little, huh?
[grunt]
(Thinking)
He's fast...
[grunts]
Well, that's not gonna work!
[attack yell]
[grunt]
Oh, no...!
[cough]
What's the matter?
You done already?
[heavy breathing]
Dammit. You made me get my
clothes all dirty.
[crowd murmurs]
I thought you weren't
interested in this?
[gasp] I'm not!
It sure doesn't look like
you're not interested.
You're delusional.
Anyway, I think he's
in real trouble. He's no
match for that guy.
[clanging]
Pretty clever...
[grunt]
[grunts]
Hands off!
It's over!
[gasp]
I'm over here!
[grunts]
Huh!?
[gasps]
A substitution?!
Damn it!
[groan] Where...?
Behind you!
[gasp]
[struggling grunts]
Substitution with a Disguise
Jutsu, huh? That's pretty good!
Yeah, you too. Shadow Clones.
And they even stay manifested.
That's some chakra.
What's Chakra?
"The energy that's produced by
the immeasurable quantity of
cells that are contained within
the human body"
Yeah. Learning how to manipulate
chakra is the first step toward
mastering ninjutsu.
Interesting! But I can take on
any number of clones!
We'll see!
Too easy!
[grunts]
[attack grunt]
[shouting]
[exhausted grunt]
You know, you really shouldn't
waste your clones, or you'll
run out of energy too fast.
Just shut up!
Heh.
It's clear that guy's
used to combat.
The data says he was
the top student in
ninjutsu last year, too.
Although it seems his grades in
the other courses were dismal.
Man, this guy is a serious drag.
The Academy should've just let
him graduate already!
Wait! There! Get him!
[grunts]
Go! Next one!
Huh?
Would it kill ya to say
"please" once in a while?
[panting÷]}
[grunts]
[attack grunt]
Boruto! No!
He's so determined. But just why
is he that determined? Huh...
It doesn't seem [like] he's
riding on anyone's coattails.
Not to me.
[grunts]
It's too easy! Reached your
limit already, Hokage's boy?
[panting]
Shut up! I won't give in to
someone who thinks strength
is everything.
But that's just what you'll do.
It's the exact same thing the
Hokage and all the other adults
have always been doing.
They all rose up through the
ranks because of their power.
Now they just decide
times have changed?
If things were the same, I'd
have graduated and become a
ninja long ago!
But the way things are now,
unless I pass courses that have
absolutely nothing to do with
ninjutsu, then I'm stuck here!
You think... maybe you might
just be really bad at studying?
[grunt] And so what
if I am, huh?!
It means you're taking things
out on the wrong person.
What did you say!?
If you really wanna become a
ninja, then you have to keep at
it, no matter how many times you
fail.
Instead, you blame the times
you're living in...
you skip classes and you act
like the world's against you!
And that's one of the most
uncool things I've ever heard!
[shouting]
You're calling me uncool?
Yeah, duh! There's no way that
I'm ever gonna lose to you!
You asked for it!
What!?
(Iwabe)
What's wrong? I'm
right over here!
[gasp]
The Clone Jutsu is useless when
the real one goes down!
[grunt]
So the one at the very back is
the real you, then!
Heh.
(Boruto)
My clones aren't substitutes
for the real me!
[gasp]
(Clones)
I'm not riding on...
[attack grunt]
[grunt]
(Clones)
the Hokage's coattails!
[grunt]
[cheering]
He did it!
[panting]
Yeah, you have your
burdens to bear.
Everyone does!
But they all come
here despite them.
... So don't stand in their way!
[attack yell]
[gasps]
Quit messing around...
...you jerk!
No way! What's that?!
[attack cry]
[crashing]
He knows Earth Style, too?!
Wait, what!?
The only thing that I've ever
wanted is to become like the
Hokage!
I want to fight like him!
That's the path that I've
chosen! And I'm not going to let
it end right here! There's no
way!
[phoenix cry]
What is that!?
Super Beast Scroll... Inojin!
Hey, what's the big idea?!
Stay out of this!
What's wrong? Didn't you
say you weren't going to
use your weapon?
How can you call it a fair
fight if you break the rules?
[gasp]
You know, you're
right... I'm uncool.
[cheering]
What is going on
here!? Boruto!
Yeah!
(Kuwa)
Boruto, wanna eat lunch with me?
Yeah, me too!?
Okay! Sounds good!
(Sumire)
[relieved sigh] Thank goodness!
Why are you so concerned about
what happens to him?
Uh, Cuz' I'm the Class
Representative!
I'm glad that the air
has been cleared.
Although Anko Sensei gave
him a real earful...
I'm sure that he's just going to
get into trouble again, you know
what I mean?
And as usual, he'll probably get
away with it, too.
It must be nice, riding
someone's coattails.
You guys are sad.
What are you talking about?
He wasn't just fighting for
himself. He did it for his
classmate, too.
Back when Denki was being
bullied by those other guys, I
didn't see any of you trying to
help.
Oh, well, uh...
(Inojin)
I don't wanna sound like Boruto.
But you guys are totally uncool.
Iwabe... you...
[classroom gasps]
[gasps]
Hey, man.
Hey there.
So, you showed up after all...
Well, since we're
classmates and everything...
Hm.
Huh!?
Man, what a drag.
Stand.
...And bow!
♪♪
(Metal Lee)
Since secluding myself and
immersing myself in training, my
shuriken technique's perfect!
(Boruto)
Outta the way! This is how I do
it. Demon Wind Shuriken, go!
(Sumire)
Metal, watch out! It's
dangerous!
(Metal Lee)
The shuriken's so unsteady...
With my kick, I will‐!
(Metal Lee)
W‐wait, Shikadai and everyone
else is watching!
(Boruto)
Next time on Boruto Naruto Next
Generations: "Metal Lee goes
Wild!!"
(Metal Lee)
L‐L‐Leaf Hurricane!
♪♪